Project Report
Event: Winter of Code (WOC) 
Project: Build Your Own Machine Learning Library and a Competition
1)	Kaggle Competition
To approach the specific problem of classification, I tried Logistical Regression first, without Regularization, which was prone to overfitting, which I tested by splitting the train data into cross validation set (20%) and train set (80%). I then experimented with different lambda values, for each case. I found that lambda value 3, and 9.5 gave pretty good accuracy while keeping cost functions of both sets low. Here lambda is Regularization factor.
I had 2 approaches for regularization in my 2 submissions to the competition. One took trial and error approach for lambda, testing different values of learning rate and lambda.
My second approach was just to keep a fixed lambda= 3. It seems that this one worked better, as a greater lambda is prone to underfitting. 
I had thought of using Neural Networks for this competition, but decided not to at the end moment, for my prior tries showed a lesser accuracy. 
2)	Building the ML Library from Scratch
To build the library from scratch, weeks were spent trying to learn about the different types of approaches, like Linear, Logistical Regressions, Neural Networks, etc. While I couldn’t build all the features, I tried my best to build whatever I could nicely. I wrote linear and logistical regression functions first but hit a roadblock trying to code Neural Network, especially in forward and backward, and in AdamOptimizer. I have hence omitted using it in this library, but hope that in the near future, I can write it on my own.
I have also implemented KNNs in the library, which also required some thought, since I had not written code for it before, and time was ticking for submission.
My future goal is to try and implement KMeans and Decision Trees in this library, post Winter of Code.
3)	Unique Observations and Uses
Some of my observations were how much my predictions improved with Regularization, and how much I have learnt throughout this whole journey. 
